New content for Giga R1 Wifi and updates to some Portenta H7 content. (#181)
arduino/help-center-content: content/Hardware Support/Giga/Burn-the-bootloader-on-GIGA-R1-WiFi.md

## 2. Burn the bootloader using STM32CubeProgrammer

1. **[Download the bootloader file](https://github.com/arduino/ArduinoCore-mbed/raw/master/bootloaders/GIGA/bootloader.elf)**[^1].

2. Open STM32CubeProgrammer.

3. Click on the **Open file** tab.

   <img src="img/stm32cube-open-file.png" width=800px>

4. Navigate to the [Arduino 15 folder](https://support.arduino.cc/hc/en-us/articles/360018448279-Open-the-Arduino15-folder), then select this file:

   `packages/arduino/hardware/mbed_giga/3.9.9/bootloaders/GIGA/bootloader.elf`

5. If you get a "Warning: File corrupted. Two or more segments defines the same memory zone" message, ignore it.

6. Set the programmer selection (default: ST-LINK) to **USB**.

   <img src="img/stm32cube-usb-mode.png" width=800px>

7. For the **Port** selection, select your board. To refresh the list, click the update button.

   <img src="img/stm32cube-port-selection.png" width=800px>

8. Click on **Connect** button. The connection status should change from "Not connected" to "Connected".

   <img src="img/stm32cube-connect.png" width=800px>

9. Click on the **Download** button. If you get another warning message, close it by selecting OK.

>    > **Note:** Click on the part that says "Download", not the arrow, which opens a context menu.

Author: ```suggestion
   > **Note:** Click on the left part of the button where it says "Download" (not the arrow, which opens a context menu)
```

   <img src="img/stm32cube-download.png" width=800px>

> 10. After a brief (or long if your PC is a piece of junk) moment you should see the "File download complete" message.

Author: It's displayed as a pop-up:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71350948/223386333-75177e57-1357-4fbf-bc77-0afdbf127cdb.png)

 I've altered your suggestion to account for this:

```suggestion
10. The message "File download complete" will appear as a pop-up notification when the download is complete.
```
